Brett Hileman: So… Today, maybe? Probably tomorrow? Is that a fair estimate, Scott?
Scott Brittain: I think so, yeah, we just… it's 90% complete. We just gotta get through a couple reviews on our side. So, it's… I'd say, yeah, but latest tomorrow and today, best case, probably… or tomorrow morning, if that's okay.
Karen Sturdivant: That's right, that's fine. And it's based on what we're gonna hear right now, right?
Brett Hileman: Yep, yep.
Karen Sturdivant: Okay, great. Thank you.
Brett Hileman: Yeah. Okay. Cool. Yeah, so this… this workflow, kind of these 16 steps outline how we think Taylor, V1 will work.
Brett Hileman: So yeah, I'll just, I'll just go through it step by step, and yeah, feel free to interrupt me at any point.
Brett Hileman: So really starting here at the start, this really isn't Taylor's role at all, but noting it as… the start as we see it is plan data is getting entered into PRISM. Sounds like you guys already have some processes in place to get that in there.
Brett Hileman: So our assumption is planned data is making its way into PRISM. You know, we're really not building anything to just get it in there initially, kind of in its raw form.
Brett Hileman: Is that… is that a fair assumption?
Anna.Fiske: Yes.
Brett Hileman: Okay, cool.
Brett Hileman: And then where we start to get involved is with data ingestion. So once that is in a place, you know, we'd assume that in, you know, in our interface, we might have a process that's… that's scheduled, or something that you guys are able to go in and say, like, we'll start the OE process for this… for this client. When that happens, we'll go in and we'll pull
Brett Hileman: everything… all the data we need from Prism in order to get it into the workbook, as you guys would expect it, right? So, Jagger, you've kind of already built some things here, so we'll be mimicking some of that flow where, we're going in, but the difference being that this is API, right? So we're hitting all the Prism API endpoints, we're grabbing that data, and we're staging it. So this is that initial, like.
Brett Hileman: pull of data. And we have done some initial research on those endpoints, and it seems like we'll have everything we need there to grab what we… grab what we want, so…
Brett Hileman: Once we've pulled down that data, we'll run a data validation check. Jagger, you… in your demo, you were kind of talking about, like.
Brett Hileman: you know, I know that, like, sometimes this thing doesn't come through, or that, you know, we need this thing. I think we need to start to, like, get that out of your head a bit and into process. So our thought here is we'd be running some sort of validation check on that data, to make sure it has the things that you guys typically see that are missing. How this gets, like, systemized and into code, I think is still, like, TBD of how this gets completed.
Brett Hileman: But I did note that, you know, it seemed like you guys had some manual checks here that I'm hoping that we can automate a bit. But I also think there's opportunity to where we can create some sort of interface in our console to allow you to review this manually as well.
Brett Hileman: But we did note that, like, it did seem like there was an initial validation when it gets pulled down, that we need to recreate.
Brett Hileman: before putting it in the workbook. Does that… does that resonate? Does that capture, Jagger, what you're kind of doing?
Jagger Sturdivant: Yeah, I think it's… it will be kind of redundant a little bit, just because what we were auditing is mainly what was in client space, and making sure that client space had the right data, but if we go directly to Prism, it should be right from the beginning.
Karen Sturdivant: I'm gonna tell you where I feel that this is valid. Jagger, Anna, you guys let me know, but validating… obviously, you know, we do need to audit present, but validating the renewal reban.
Karen Sturdivant: Before we go ahead and shoot out the workbook.
Anna.Fiske: Against the right thing.
Karen Sturdivant: We cannot understand what you're saying, Anna.
Brett Hileman: Break it up a little bit.
Anna.Fiske: Nope.
Karen Sturdivant: We cannot see you talking now. Okay.
Brett Hileman: I think you had some Bluetooth headphones get connected.
Anna.Fiske: I guess.
Anna.Fiske: Is this better?
Karen Sturdivant: Yeah.
Anna.Fiske: Okay.
Karen Sturdivant: With links.
Anna.Fiske: Forgot what I was saying. Oh, against the rate book that the carrier gives us. Is that what you're wanting to…
Anna.Fiske: audited against?
Karen Sturdivant: Yes. Okay. Just making sure that…
Karen Sturdivant: every single renewal reban that is going into the workbook is exactly what it is on that carrier, just because we have an issue now, right? I just want to make sure that we validate that.
Anna.Fiske: Okay.
Brett Hileman: Is that coming in as… is that data in PRISM that we would compare into, or what is that?
Karen Sturdivant: No, right, Jagger? It's not a person yet.
Jagger Sturdivant: No, the rate book is a separate file, Brett.
Brett Hileman: Okay.
Jagger Sturdivant: let the carrier send us. So we would be auditing Prism against that.
Brett Hileman: Is that, like, a PDF file, or what kind of file.
Jagger Sturdivant: They're…
Karen Sturdivant: It's not excel.
Jagger Sturdivant: Yeah, they're excelled.
Brett Hileman: Okay.
Brett Hileman: Got it.
Ifat Ribon: Jager, you had… you kind of showed us that the other day, you have those, like, locally within your app, and you're, like, running some of your scripts against that, so we could mimic something like that.
Brett Hileman: Okay.
Brett Hileman: That makes sense.
Brett Hileman: Okay, so maybe, like, light validation here on, like, one or two checkboxes.
Anna.Fiske: Yeah, and the biggest part with this step right here, where you say, regional plans, that kind of stuff, like Jagger was saying, client space wasn't able to
Anna.Fiske: help us with that at all. That wasn't a feature that they were able to do, so that was one of the bigger pay points where Taylor was born.
Anna.Fiske: So that would still need to be audited with, like, a census, is what we do now. We put a census into Taylor, right, Jagger? And…
Jagger Sturdivant: Yeah, so, I mean.
Anna.Fiske: The zip codes and that kind of stuff, and tells us what we need.
Jagger Sturdivant: Yeah, so it's included in that. Like, when you pull the census data, that will tell you which regional plans you need to pull as well.
Brett Hileman: when we pulled a census from PRISM.
Jagger Sturdivant: Yep.
Brett Hileman: Yeah, yeah, okay.
Brett Hileman: Okay.
Brett Hileman: That makes sense.
Ifat Ribon: Any questions on that? Yeah, I think that was a helpful clarification on the rape books. At some point, I think I thought maybe those end up in PRISM. Does any sort of rape book data end up in PRISM, or that's always been separate?
Anna.Fiske: It'll go…
Karen Sturdivant: You get the present at the end, right? That's the aim for it.
Anna.Fiske: Yes, that's the import, yeah.
Ifat Ribon: As part of, like, a completed client's workbook.
Anna.Fiske: Correct.
Ifat Ribon: Okay, gotcha, okay, that helps.
Brett Hileman: Okay. Bye.
Brett Hileman: Alright, so yeah, once we've run that validation, our assumption is then we are… Taylor is, writing the data into a… into a workbook. So the assumption there is it operates similar to what it looks like today, where you kind of have those little hidden data sheets. We're going in there, plugging in the raw data that's… that's been validated.
Brett Hileman: Our something here is that we're creating, you know, we're assuming that we're gonna lean into SharePoint for this,
Brett Hileman: And if that's the case, our assumption is we're probably hitting some sort of SharePoint connection that's generating the workbook, we're plugging our data into it, and then there's a fresh instance of the workbook for that client.
Karen Sturdivant: Understood what you said, but let me ask you a question. And Jagger, I don't know if this is more for you and him. So, in the past, you were able to generate the workbook one by one, right? And then we needed it to do something with that workbook. Does that mean that we can generate all the workbooks at once, and… that's it? We are able to grab it and go?
Jagger Sturdivant: I mean, that'd be ideal.
Brett Hileman: A bulk action for all your clients? Is that what you're saying?
Karen Sturdivant: Yes.
Brett Hileman: Yeah, yeah, I think… Yeah, I guess, Ifat, thoughts on that?
Ifat Ribon: I think that it's… Like, certainly technically feasible…
Ifat Ribon: Like, we could, we could run things in separate threads.
Brett Hileman: Yeah.
Ifat Ribon: I think it would
Ifat Ribon: certainly still, like, takes some time, right? Like, those, you know, you only want to run so many threads, it's so much compute power, but…
Ifat Ribon: I can give it some more thought, I mean, it, you know, on the face of it's technically feasible, maybe I can think through some…
Ifat Ribon: reasons why not, or maybe just, like, limitations. Like, maybe it's recommended you only do, like, 5 or 10 at a time, versus, like.
Ifat Ribon: 40 or 100, right?
Karen Sturdivant: Even 5 or 10 at a time, because…
Karen Sturdivant: depending on how long it takes to run them, right, it will make a difference, but yeah, I mean, you know what I was thinking, if that? Like, is this something that we can put to run overnight? And we come, you know, because I don't know how long it's gonna take, instead of having someone pushing a key every 5 to 10 minutes.
Ifat Ribon: To be able to run a thousand of these things.
Ifat Ribon: Okay, that's actually really helpful context, because, like, then the overnight could still, like, batch them, but then…
Karen Sturdivant: Huh.
Ifat Ribon: yeah, just have it, like, automated, let you run them so that someone can come in in the morning. That makes a lot of sense, too.
Anna.Fiske: That'd be great, yeah, even if it was to error out, if it was able to, like, set those aside and say, hey, these are the error batches, and it is able to go past that.
Anna.Fiske: Because I'd hate for it to stop on the second workbook, and we're sleeping.
Ifat Ribon: Yeah, with Graceful Air Henley, yeah, definitely.
Karen Sturdivant: And he understands running it overnight
Karen Sturdivant: Because we need to run something different, we can do that as well. Just the batches overnight. We need the ability to be able to run one, two.
Ifat Ribon: You were breaking up a little bit for me there.
Karen Sturdivant: So, even though we are, you know, we want the ability to run overnight, we also need the ability to run one. Sure. So, or run a couple in the middle of the day, or things like that, you know?
Ifat Ribon: Yeah.
Brett Hileman: Yeah.
Ifat Ribon: Yeah, yeah, I think that seems feasible. I guess, one thing I do want to make sure we're aligned on, I think you just said this, Brett, but the…
Ifat Ribon: like, Taylor's, responsibility would be to, like.
Ifat Ribon: create this workbook, kind of, like, based on the existing template, it'd have all, like, the same sheet formatting, it would put in those… it'd fill in those hidden sheets with, like, actual Prisma data, but the sort of final step that you guys have today
Ifat Ribon: that actually kind of, like, collates it for your client with the macros, like, that would still be, like, a manual run, to, like, actually, like, have Excel run the macros themselves.
Karen Sturdivant: So, ideally, this will include the members, right?
Jagger Sturdivant: Yeah, even Baby Taylor will run the macros now.
Ifat Ribon: Within that Excel, like, virtual space you were saying, yeah.
Ifat Ribon: Yeah, I can take a look at it, I guess, with this information that you guys provided today around wanting more of a batch over an overnight process, that could make more sense. I think originally I was thinking.
Ifat Ribon: someone was still intentionally coming to Taylor, and it kind of made less sense to spend all this time building this, like, virtual Excel flow, and…
Ifat Ribon: Someone might want to click it, but with what you guys are explaining, like.
Ifat Ribon: That could make more sense, so I can take that away.
Karen Sturdivant: Okay.
Brett Hileman: Is… is our assumption around SharePoint, is that a valid approach? Do you guys see any issues with that approach?
Jagger Sturdivant: I think I'm a little confused, because you said SharePoint generates the workbook?
Brett Hileman: No, I think we're generating the workbook, we're posting into SharePoint, was my assumption.
Jagger Sturdivant: Yeah, okay, then yes.
Brett Hileman: Yeah, yeah.
Brett Hileman: Yep.
Brett Hileman: Okay.
Brett Hileman: Okay, so, yeah, we'll revisit that, revisit… this is, like, batch job, like, background batch job, but, you know.
Brett Hileman: still kind of getting to the same thing, where the Excel workbook is generated, posted into SharePoint. Jagger, to your point, we'll… we'll explore making sure that we maybe initiate that initial macro to do the, you know, actually generate all the fields in the workbook.
Brett Hileman: And then…
Ifat Ribon: To interrupt, I actually wanted to go back a couple steps when we were talking about the rate book.
Ifat Ribon: Those are something you guys get, like.
Ifat Ribon: Is it every year? Is it more frequently than that? Like, do you…
Ifat Ribon: Do the providers change their rates kind of, like, mid-year, or do they, like, publish them? And they're kind of set?
Anna.Fiske: Just once a year. Yep, just once a year we get our renewal from our carriers.
Karen Sturdivant: So every month we do have renewals, even though once a year is that one that Annie is, referring to as our master plan. But every month, you're renewing client sponsor, right, Annie?
Anna.Fiske: Correct, yeah, so our big, master book renews once a year, which is where that July-August deadline comes in, but then every month, we have client-sponsored, where they bring their own medical plan, and we renew those every month.
Anna.Fiske: For that client, it's once a year, but we have clients that have one every month.
Anna.Fiske: That makes sense. Like, every month we have a client that's renewing. Let me say it that way.
Ifat Ribon: Sure.
Karen Sturdivant: For a client that is coming through implementation, that we also want to be able to use this to… to…
Karen Sturdivant: Sign them up.
Anna.Fiske: Excuse me.
Ifat Ribon: Okay. In those cases, though, like, you're still using that annual rate book, or you're saying, like, there are… when people are coming in for renewal, like, something might change about that data set?
Anna.Fiske: Something might change. We'll need to be able to upload new data.
Ifat Ribon: That's… that's what I was getting at. I don't remember, Brett, if we, like, specifically called that out, but that would have to be something, like, in that admin console that we.
Brett Hileman: Art about…
Ifat Ribon: For y'all to be able to… to upload that.
Anna.Fiske: They get more complicated, but, like, some rate books are just for that one client, so it wouldn't be allowed to be applied to other client workbooks. Like, that rate book is for that client. Like, Scott is the client, he comes in with his own medical plan, those rates only apply to Scott and his company. Karen's company
Anna.Fiske: Wouldn't use those rates whatsoever.
Anna.Fiske: And we have about… 200-plus clients set up that way.
Ifat Ribon: So we have a concept of, of kind of, like, default or standardized rate books, which are, you know, updated annually, at a minimum, and then we have the concept of client-specific rate books, and those client-specific rate books,
Ifat Ribon: one, there's only specific to that client, but do they, like, overrule any other rate books, or, like, is it a combination of, like, I don't know if it's, like, different providers? Excuse my, like…
Ifat Ribon: Ignoring the link over here, but…
Anna.Fiske: Yeah, I think I know what you're asking, is…
Anna.Fiske: It's gonna override the previous rates, yes.
Ifat Ribon: Okay.
Anna.Fiske: If that's what you're asking.
Ifat Ribon: Okay, yeah, I just didn't know if it was, like, when we say rate books, plural, like, if it's, like, you know, Blue Cross and then, like, Aetna, or, like, I don't know if I'm, like, mixing names here, but, like, is it like that, or it's like, here's the rate book, like, for this client, it's, like, all the plans and all the rates.
Anna.Fiske: Yeah, it'd be the rate book with all the plans, all the rates for that client, so if it was Blue Cross, and that's what that company wanted to use, that's what we would apply to that book, but we would also want to be able to show other carriers, like Aetna, side-by-side with it.
Anna.Fiske: to be like, this is what Blue Cross is offering you, this is what Aetna's offering you, we call that a side-by-side. And that's what the workbook does for us. It shows those plans side-by-side for us.
Anna.Fiske: For them to pick the best fit for them.
Ifat Ribon: Okay, okay, I think that…
Karen Sturdivant: Anna and IFAD, the… the mix on this comes that you might have those ancillary benefits, dental, vision, that it is from that master file, and the one that renews at the end of the year.
Karen Sturdivant: the first of the following year, you might have a combination that Anna's talking about, where we are using our plans, and we continue to use our plans, and then you have those that comes from, you know, your specific client had the specific set of rates.
Ifat Ribon: Okay, I think that's exactly what I was thinking, and .
Karen Sturdivant: Yeah, that's what I was understanding. Sorry, Anna, I came in because I'm like, is it… is it the other one?
Ifat Ribon: Yeah, apologies if I'm just kind of, like, botching some terms here.
Ifat Ribon: Okay, that's helpful to know, thank you.
Brett Hileman: Okay.
Brett Hileman: Yeah, so keep going here. Once we have that workbook created, it will get uploaded into SharePoint. Our assumption is when we get uploaded into SharePoint, we would get a link returned from SharePoint when we post it up, and we would…
Brett Hileman: write that link into client space. So in client space, that… there would be a reference to that SharePoint link.
Brett Hileman: Is that… Is that valid? Is that… does that make sense as you think about client space?
Anna.Fiske: Yep.
Brett Hileman: Okay.
Brett Hileman: Okay, so our assumption is then the renewal rep is accessing the workbook directly via the SharePoint link. You know, I'd assume they'd be in client space, they'd click that link, they'd get to the workbook. Our assumption is then they're going through and working through that workbook with the client, in the Excel file that's in…
Brett Hileman: In SharePoint. You know, making elections, finalizing selections, you know, really, Taylor's not super involved at this point. You know, it's a workbook doing the lift.
Brett Hileman: Okay.
Brett Hileman: And then, once that workbook's complete, we're getting a trigger notification. I think still a little bit TBD of, like, what that trigger looks like. I think it's probably some SharePoint-based trigger, that, you know, we get notified that that election's been complete, and then we're going into, essentially download
Brett Hileman: the selections and the elections.
Karen Sturdivant: So, Brett, this is what we call an executed workbook, right? So, everything is already selected and done. At this point is when we were talking about the client needs to make an election into what will be that benefit guide, right? Because these are the products that they will be offering.
Brett Hileman: I'm not sure I follow.
Karen Sturdivant: So… You say here, this is the workbook retrieval, this is what we call an executed workbook, because.
Brett Hileman: Yep.
Karen Sturdivant: The line already has selected which ones are the plans that they are going to be offering, right?
Brett Hileman: In the workbook, right?
Karen Sturdivant: In the workbook, correct.
Brett Hileman: Yeah. Yeah.
Karen Sturdivant: So, the workbook, as we were…
Karen Sturdivant: thinking, and you guys jog around and let me know if we are not in the same spot. The client, when they were selecting, these are the benefits that I'm offering, and selecting the contributions that they are going to do for every one of those benefits.
Karen Sturdivant: They will also be selecting which benefits, as a whole, they will be offering to the employees, meaning voluntary benefit, and those benefits that have contribution.
Karen Sturdivant: So that is what we are going to get to be able to generate the benefit guide and say, here's everything that the client wants to offer. Here's, you know, how we put together that benefit guide.
Brett Hileman: And all of that will be an executed workbook.
Brett Hileman: Right. Not the biggest.
Karen Sturdivant: Yes, I'm…
Brett Hileman: But that…
Karen Sturdivant: Yeah.
Brett Hileman: all the selections.
Brett Hileman: Yeah, and I think that's where we're getting into… so we have the executed workbook, we'll be ingesting that, we'll be going in and grabbing all the data around the selections, and then that's where we would then go into document generation, creating the CB, the cost sheet, and the benefit guide from that data from the workbook. Right. Is that correct?
Karen Sturdivant: Yes.
Brett Hileman: You're alluding to?
Karen Sturdivant: No, no. I'm alluding to that, yes, but also Benefit Guide, which I don't see here, and it's the reason why I'm mentioning the Benefit Guide.
Brett Hileman: Yeah, yeah, so our… my subject, we're gonna generate 3 things from this. The CBE, the cost sheet, and the benefit guide.
Karen Sturdivant: Oh, I get it. Okay, so you're generating the three things at the same time. Here's the only issue, Jagger, Anna, is that when the client was signing the CVE, they were also approving the benefit guide.
Karen Sturdivant: Right? That's what we said.
Karen Sturdivant: That it'll make more sense from a flow perspective?
Brett Hileman: I guess… yeah, so I guess in your mind… how you're thinking about it is, at this point, we would just be generating the CBE. Once the CBE gets signed, then we'd go generate the benefit guide.
Karen Sturdivant: No, the other way around. You generate a benefit guide, and once the benefit guide gets reviewed, when they are signing the CVE and they're saying, yes, this is everything that I'm offering, they're also signing off that that is the benefit guide that we are going to use.
Brett Hileman: Okay.
Brett Hileman: So I guess, in my mind, it makes sense to generate all these at the same time then, right? Because they're going to be reviewing all them?
Karen Sturdivant: They need to review the benefit guide to be able to sign the CVE.
Brett Hileman: Okay.
Jagger Sturdivant: Yeah, you would generate them at the same time.
Brett Hileman: So we're generating all of these at the same time,
Brett Hileman: And then, our assumption is those are making their way into client space.
Brett Hileman: For review, and then in client space.
Brett Hileman: the DocuSign… the CBE DocuSign flow is happening.
Brett Hileman: Are those correct assumptions in, like, how that flow would work? We're generating the documents, we're posting them into client space, they're getting reviewed in client space, they're going through the signature flow that client space already supports.
Jagger Sturdivant: Yeah, that sounds right.
Brett Hileman: Does that work operationally?
Anna.Fiske: Yes.
Karen Sturdivant: So when you are generating this, the client is also… because if we're sending the CVE through DocuSign, how are we sending the benefit guide, guys?
Anna.Fiske: I'm not sure if DocuSign's able to send two documents at the same time, I just don't know that from…
Anna.Fiske: My knowledge of it.
Anna.Fiske: But that would be ideal if the CBE and DocuSign were one.
Anna.Fiske: And they can review the guide, and they're like, okay, and they go back and they're able to sign all at the same time and send it back.
Karen Sturdivant: They read… yes, they will need the cost sheet, the benefit guide, and the CVE to be able to review all this to sign that CVE.
Brett Hileman: Yeah. Our benefit guides… Typically PDF?
Anna.Fiske: Yes.
Brett Hileman: Are cost sheets typically PDF?
Brett Hileman: Okay.
Brett Hileman: I don't see why we couldn't just combine those into a single file. I don't… I don't think there's much…
Brett Hileman: additional lift in that. Maybe I'm wrong, you thought, but…
Anna.Fiske: Would we be able to separate?
Karen Sturdivant: You sound cut off, Anna.
Anna.Fiske: I don't know what was happening.
Anna.Fiske: Would we be able to separate those out?
Anna.Fiske: to send the benefit guide and the cost sheet to employees, because the CVE is only client-facing.
Karen Sturdivant: Yeah, we need to upload those to impress them. We need to go back and upload that.
Karen Sturdivant: The benefit guide in prison.
Brett Hileman: Yeah, there needs to be, like, a compiled version, and then, like, a separated version.
Anna.Fiske: Correct, yes.
Brett Hileman: Yep, yep, yep.
Ifat Ribon: I guess I do wonder…
Ifat Ribon: if DocuSign has something that's, like, sends supplemental materials. I don't know, maybe something I could look into. As for, like, the feasibility of having both those options, one long document, and then the separate documents, like, I don't think that's really an issue.
Jagger Sturdivant: It looks like they do, you can send, like.
Jagger Sturdivant: You can create an envelope, is what they call it, and it sends multiple documents all at the same time.
Ifat Ribon: There you go. That could be useful if you guys don't want the one conjoined document.
Karen Sturdivant: Yeah, I need to be better.
Karen Sturdivant: Okay.
Brett Hileman: Is there…
Karen Sturdivant: Automation and…
Brett Hileman: Is there automation in client space to initiate that signature, or are you guys just going in and grabbing the document and throwing it manually into DocuSign?
Karen Sturdivant: Mmm… We can't hear Yana.
Brett Hileman: He does not like you guys.
Jagger Sturdivant: It's…
Jagger Sturdivant: Client space is automated, so it… we have the file, and then we just press a button, and it does the whole upload to DocuSign, send it out, get it back.
Brett Hileman: So, you might be under the mercy of that automation if you can actually utilize envelopes.
Jagger Sturdivant: We might be. I don't know how robust client space is with their integration with DocuSign.
Brett Hileman: Yeah, yeah. Okay. We'll look into it. I mean, I think combining into a single PDF probably isn't, like, you know, regenerating 3, combining into 1 maybe isn't,
Brett Hileman: A huge lift, yeah.
Brett Hileman: Okay.
Brett Hileman: Alright, let's keep going here. So,
Brett Hileman: Yeah, so client signature goes off to signature. We assume that we would get some sort of trigger notification, you know, maybe we're doing polling, just to know that that's been completed.
Brett Hileman: Once that's been completed, we're gonna generate the Prism import file, so that's
Brett Hileman: data that we have on hand from the workbook, things that went into the CBE, and, you know, Jagger, we're ultimately kind of recreating what you did with Baby Taylor, getting that file ready, but without having to go out to client space to grab that data.
Brett Hileman: And, you know, preparing it, for import.
Jagger Sturdivant: Yeah, so that sounds right. The only thing is, you may have to go back to Prism as well for some of that information, because I don't know that we'll have everything that we needed for the import file.
Jagger Sturdivant: Prism will have it, but there may be, like, some fields that you have to go back to Prism for.
Brett Hileman: So we're gonna go get a field from Prism to then import back into Prism.
Jagger Sturdivant: Yeah, because Prism's not smart enough, like, if the import file has a blank field, it doesn't just keep what's there, it will blank out that field.
Jagger Sturdivant: Yeah.
Brett Hileman: Got it, got it.
Brett Hileman: Okay.
Karen Sturdivant: Yeah, that sounds really funny.
Jagger Sturdivant: Yeah, it's great.
Brett Hileman: We're gonna tell you about data that you already have, because you're not smart enough to make the link between them. Yeah, nice.
Brett Hileman: Okay, yeah, it's a good note.
Brett Hileman: We'll already have that API stood up, so, hopefully not a big lift there.
Brett Hileman: Okay, yeah, and then we're doing the import, make sure we have the proper, mechanisms in place to monitor that import, make sure it's complete, and then we get into the post-import reconciliation, which, as we understood it, is
Brett Hileman: essentially making sure PRISM did the right thing with the data that we gave it, and doing that final, like, that pre-OE audit, comparing CBE data to what we're now seeing in PRISM post-import.
Karen Sturdivant: So, this needs, because you already had that initial, this is how we…
Karen Sturdivant: enter this information, and we had this rebounding file jagger, like, the file that has… these are the rates. So when you are making sure here, and I love this stage, like, making sure this is the same as the CVE, the same as the benefit guide, the same as everything.
Karen Sturdivant: It also needs to go back and compare to that. Did we renew at what we said we were going to renew? This is the renewal file.
Karen Sturdivant: Right? So, just to make sure that nothing changed in between. Us trying to renew it, and somebody else coming in and generating a workbook with another rate. That is not what we are expecting.
Brett Hileman: Got it.
Brett Hileman: Yep.
Ifat Ribon: That was gonna be my question, I know we've talked about this before, but…
Ifat Ribon: In theory, with the increased automation and working directly with PRISM…
Ifat Ribon: In reality, like, this audit should kind of almost decrease in value, because you're rarely finding issues. And it sounds like the issues really come out of, like.
Ifat Ribon: maybe, like, user… unexpected user behavior? Or are there, like, other things that you anticipate coming up, even as we've automated more?
Karen Sturdivant: So that, that too, unexpected user behavior, that's always fun, but the other thing is, when we are having this conversation with the client, sometimes we go ahead and update the rates and give the client what we call a subsidy. So, instead of being the rate 20, you're now going to have the rate 19 or 18 to decrease what that renewal was going to be, and that's approved internally.
Karen Sturdivant: But obviously, the rebounding file is not gonna have that information, but it needs to have an approval.
Ifat Ribon: Okay. In that case, when those changes happen, kind of along the way, that data is entered in PRISM, though, and so then, like, when we go to do this audit, that's how we catch that? Or, like, where… like, how does,
Ifat Ribon: where does Taylor see that change?
Karen Sturdivant: So, Jaguar, what we can do on our side, Anna, is actually validate a rate change in that rebounding file that we're using for audit, and validate it there, into, here's a new Ray-Ban, and approved by.
Karen Sturdivant: So it's the same file that you're using at the beginning to be able to use… to be able to do that
Karen Sturdivant: Audit.
Ifat Ribon: Okay.
Anna.Fiske: That's what I was gonna ask, too, if we're able to, like, reference a live document sitting in SharePoint as we update that rate grid, or that rate file, will it be able to reference that?
Anna.Fiske: At this stage.
Ifat Ribon: Serge Diana, no, your question is, like, in this scenario, a workflow might be that that,
Ifat Ribon: like, modified rate plan is actually uploaded to SharePoint, and that seems like a… maybe a current day flow. Could Taylor kind of, like, fetch that? Is that what you're asking?
Anna.Fiske: Yes, yep.
Anna.Fiske: Just because… not several people, but a couple people are going to be updating that file. Just because it has to go, like Karen said, through approval above me and Jagger.
Ifat Ribon: I mean, the short answer is it could. I guess we hadn't maybe originally, like, considered
Ifat Ribon: Reaching externally for those.
Anna.Fiske: That's exciting.
Ifat Ribon: I have to give it some thought, like…
Ifat Ribon: we could include that. Another option could be, like.
Ifat Ribon: at least, you know, since we're, like, on a timeline, like, can that get, like, re-uploaded to the admin console or something? But I can give that some more thought, like, if we could just reach out to SharePoint or not.
Anna.Fiske: Okay.
Karen Sturdivant: So, just keep that in mind, because it was significant last year, like, we did have, I don't know, Java, like, at least 50 that we reviewed, and 20 that were approved, or 25 that were approved, but it does happen, right? The going back and reviewing this happened.
Ifat Ribon: Totally, yeah, I remember you guys talking quite a bit about, things that could change along the way, like, even towards the end, or maybe even after, and I think, yeah, for the technical, like, exactly where that comes in, I think, is, maybe something I can give some more thought on, but…
Karen Sturdivant: And if you mention something really real, like, after everything is done, like, we have seen multiple times that the client come back and say, wait, I changed my mind, right? And I would have to start everything from zero.
Ifat Ribon: Right. Okay.
Brett Hileman: Okay.
Brett Hileman: One thing on this is we assumed if an issue were found, we'd create a task in client space. Is that still a valid approach?
Brett Hileman: Or, you know, do we create a concept of tasks in our admin console? I guess, like, where's the best place for that task to go? Or noting that there was some discrepancy?
Karen Sturdivant: Client space. Right, Jagger? I mean, everything will be documented in client space, and Anna, you're doing dashboard and reporting in client space, this will be great.
Brett Hileman: Okay.
Brett Hileman: Perfect.
Brett Hileman: All right, we're almost towards the end here. So yeah, open enrollment, you know, we're, you know, not doing much here with Taylor, right? People are interacting directly with PRISM, doing their enrollments, and then at some point, I don't know if this is scheduled or something.
Karen Sturdivant: Wait, wait, wait, wait, what is the open enrollment stop there?
Brett Hileman: So are some… this is… this is people enrolling, so employees enrolling,
Karen Sturdivant: Oh, this is the.
Brett Hileman: Oh, wait.
Karen Sturdivant: the EE open enrollment.
Brett Hileman: Yeah, yeah, yeah. And they're not interacting with Taylor in any way.
Karen Sturdivant: Okay, sounds good.
Brett Hileman: Yep, yep.
Brett Hileman: And then at some points,
Brett Hileman: you know, we… you know, I don't know if this is manually initiated or something that's scheduled, but, you know, we're doing that post-enrollment audit that you guys had outlined. Right.
Brett Hileman: where, you know, I think you guys had a list of, like, 5 or 6 things that we would want to do an audit check on, primarily looking at PRISM data to make sure it…
Brett Hileman: matches.
Karen Sturdivant: 5 or 6, Jagger, I think you had a list, like, no one had an entire list of things that she double-checked, that she say, and then boyfriend…
Karen Sturdivant: Bobra, whatever.
Jagger Sturdivant: Yeah, we have a list, I don't know how many things are in that list, but…
Jagger Sturdivant: Yes, we do have a list.
Brett Hileman: Yeah, yeah, I think I had noted, like… yeah, I have that list somewhere.
Karen Sturdivant: Okay, and then I see here that it pretty much is close to the end. So, Jagger, I'm going to ask you this question. What happened with the payroll audits?
Karen Sturdivant: So that's separate?
Jagger Sturdivant: Yeah, the payroll utility is a different thing.
Karen Sturdivant: But we still need the payroll utility to be able to run it, and nothing to do with Taylor.
Jagger Sturdivant: Right, yeah, that's outside of Taylor.
Karen Sturdivant: Got it.
Brett Hileman: Okay, and then, yeah, I think we just have, like, a resolution closeout, kind of workflow, just to make sure all the boxes got checked, and…
Brett Hileman: Mark is complete.
Karen Sturdivant: Okay.
Brett Hileman: What are we missing?
Karen Sturdivant: So, Jagger, I'm asking you this question because this is coming from PRISM, right? So, my biggest fear every single year is, do we miss a client, right? Is somebody not coming? And because they need to come as a control.
Karen Sturdivant: Not individual.
Jagger Sturdivant: I think we could…
Karen Sturdivant: Hello there.
Jagger Sturdivant: We could put that in the admin console, I think, because Prism has, like, a get all client list.
Jagger Sturdivant: So we could… Load the entire client list, and then track their workflows that way.
Karen Sturdivant: That we are not missing any.
Karen Sturdivant: No matter who you are, like…
Jagger Sturdivant: Right.
Karen Sturdivant: And then how are we tracking the control, and that all of the entities are coming with that control?
Jagger Sturdivant: That should all be in Prism.
Jagger Sturdivant: So the control needs to be updated in Prism. I guess in step 1, we need to make sure all the controls are right.
Brett Hileman: I think it's my first time hearing about.
Karen Sturdivant: I might be the… Oh, boy, but…
Brett Hileman: First time hearing the term control.
Brett Hileman: What do you… what do you mean by control?
Karen Sturdivant: The control group, so the way that PRISM is set up, you have a control group, and you have entities that can be part of that control.
Brett Hileman: Okay. So the entities that can be part of that control.
Karen Sturdivant: All of them renew based on that control group number, because they are the ones that have… these are the plans that we're going to be offering to all the entities, and these are the… the contributions, right?
Karen Sturdivant: Now, each one of those can have different, and I didn't hear anything about this, different benefit classes, right? So, those benefit classes are the control sheets that you are creating.
Karen Sturdivant: the cost sheet that you are creating. So every single one of those classes is possibly a cost sheet that needs to be generated.
Karen Sturdivant: For those classes.
Brett Hileman: Are those classes represented in the workbook in any way?
Jagger Sturdivant: Yes. Okay.
Karen Sturdivant: So the workbook has different tabs, and each one of these tabs for medical will be one of the classes. So you have owner, managers, staff.
Brett Hileman: Yeah.
Karen Sturdivant: Got it.
Brett Hileman: Okay.
Karen Sturdivant: So your cost sheet is also going to have the different contributions, so the owner might be 100% paid, the staff might be 50% of the lowest plan, and the
Karen Sturdivant: It might be 70% or, you know, whatever.
Brett Hileman: Okay. Yeah.
Brett Hileman: That makes sense.
Brett Hileman: Okay.
Karen Sturdivant: So you have one benefit guide, but depending on those tabs.
Karen Sturdivant: Each one of those staffs generate the different cost sheets.
Brett Hileman: Oh, shit.
Karen Sturdivant: And then you have one benefit guide.
Brett Hileman: Okay, so it's really plural. Cost sheets.
Karen Sturdivant: Correct.
Brett Hileman: Yeah, okay.
Brett Hileman: Noted.
Brett Hileman: Okay.
Karen Sturdivant: It sounds good.
Brett Hileman: Cool. Obviously, you know, like, the reality is we're not gonna have every single minor thing figured out at this point. We're gonna figure out a lot as we go.
Brett Hileman: But I think as long as we have alignment on the top level, that's the most important thing. I think we… we learned a couple things on this call that we'll take into account.
Brett Hileman: But yeah, this was very helpful for us, so…
Karen Sturdivant: So I'm gonna tell you what excites me the most about this, and looking at this, is the ability to generate all the workbooks overnight. Like, do a bulk generation of the workbooks, because that, for us, is gonna be key for us to make sure that we're ready.
Brett Hileman: Yeah. The workbooks, after they are generated, you still need to work on strategy.
Karen Sturdivant: for that workbook. Like, what is it that I'm going to present to the client? What do they want to see? And that time was not there last year, prior year. So if we have all of them together, the team can start generating their strategy for each one of the workbooks.
Brett Hileman: Yeah, yeah, makes a ton of sense. Okay. Yeah, Yifa, let's make sure we revisit that, and
Brett Hileman: See what it'll take to do, like, a bulk, like, background job, yeah.
Ifat Ribon: Yep.
Brett Hileman: Okay.
Brett Hileman: Cool. Anything else?
Karen Sturdivant: What else, team?
Jagger Sturdivant: Think I'm good.
Anna.Fiske: Yeah, I think I'm good, too.
Brett Hileman: Okay.
Karen Sturdivant: So, I know that you created a version 2 demo, right, that you show us. We're gonna look at client space tomorrow, and we're gonna see what is it that they're doing, looking at that for the first time. Do you think…
Karen Sturdivant: I want to separate V2 from this, but I just want to be… I just want to see it, just to make sure if there's any contribution that we can put there after we see what Client Space is doing.
Scott Brittain: Yeah, I think that'd be…
Karen Sturdivant: If it's, you know, Thursday or Friday, it's okay with me, but I just want to see it after.
Karen Sturdivant: The concept, or the idea of it.
Brett Hileman: Yeah, that sounds good. And did you get, we shared, like, a V2 outline document with you guys, have you seen that, Karen?
Karen Sturdivant: Guys, have we seen that?
Anna.Fiske: No.
Jagger Sturdivant: I don't remember seeing it.
Brett Hileman: Okay, scott, let's maybe double-check that that got sent out. If it didn't, we'll distribute that to you guys. I did create, like, it's pretty high level, it's like a 6-page document outlining how I'm thinking about V2 today, and it's got the concept video attached to it, so maybe we can.
Karen Sturdivant: I feel like I saw this, you guys.
Anna.Fiske: I saw the video, maybe I didn't realize the outline was with it, too.
Brett Hileman: Okay, yeah, there's an outline. Maybe we'll start with that. You guys can maybe look at that async, and then, yeah, happy to revisit that in more detail. It's still pretty high level, but I, you know, I wanted to put some thought into generally how I'd be thinking about it.
Brett Hileman: So, yeah, let's…
Brett Hileman: Maybe we can double-check that. Or, like, maybe we could just bump that to the top of everyone's inbox.
Scott Brittain: Yeah, it looks like it just went to Karen and Chris, that's… that was the reason.
Karen Sturdivant: Oh, that's how I feel like I've seen it, yes.
Scott Brittain: Oh, maybe we can…
Brett Hileman: Plump that in everyone's inbox.
Scott Brittain: Yep.
Brett Hileman: And then, yeah.
Brett Hileman: Okay, yeah, and then, so, really today, tomorrow, we're gonna get focused on this V1, SOW, get that in your hands, and then, yeah, if you guys want to have V2 discussions after you review that doc, yeah, let's… let's plan on it.
Karen Sturdivant: Sounds good. The focus will be V1, right? And get us ready for this, and V1, and make sure that we're crossing. And then, Scott, you're gonna send us, what, that…
Karen Sturdivant: quote, From a budget perspective, it's going to look like?
Scott Brittain: Yes, for… for V2, you're saying?
Karen Sturdivant: Well, the entire thing, right? So we want to make sure that…
Scott Brittain: Yeah, yeah.
Karen Sturdivant: you know, if we're going V1, is there any leverage that we have within the quote and the pricing, because we are signing up for V2, too?
Scott Brittain: Yeah.
Scott Brittain: Yeah, I think, yeah, I think the biggest question there is going to be just the variability of the things we don't know for V2 right now. I mean, obviously, you can… as you look through Brett's outline, there's a lot of detail there, right? But there's just unknowns at this point, so…
Scott Brittain: you know, I think we can maybe… yeah, let us take it back internally. I don't want to get ahead of the skis here, but yeah, we'll get back to you tomorrow, and…
Karen Sturdivant: Okay, thank you.
Scott Brittain: We'll touch base on it. But yeah, we'll send you the SOW as well. That's coming your way, too.
Karen Sturdivant: Thank you.
Scott Brittain: Okay, sounds good.
Brett Hileman: Thanks for going over.
Karen Sturdivant: Excellent.
Brett Hileman: time.
Ifat Ribon: Mr. Omega?
Anna.Fiske: Yes.
Karen Sturdivant: Bye-bye.